Python release v9.11.0 -- PLEASE MERGE Friday June 14 AM (#17640)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/python-agent/configuration/python-agent-configuration.mdx

    <Callout variant="tip">
        In applications that have a large number of packages, having this setting enabled may cause a CPU spike as it captures all the package and version information. It is recommended in those cases to disable this setting.
    </Callout>
    <Callout variant="caution">
        Disabling this setting will disable the ability to detect vulnerabilities in outdated packages.
    </Callout>
  </Collapser>

<Collapser
    id="NEW_RELIC_STARTUP_DEBUG"
    title="NEW_RELIC_STARTUP_DEBUG"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            Boolean
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            false
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>
            [Environ variable](#environment-variables)
          </th>

          <td>
            `NEW_RELIC_STARTUP_DEBUG`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

>     If this setting is enabled, the agent will send detailed troubleshooting messages from its startup scripts directly to your console (standard output). This can be helpful for debugging crashes in the `newrelic-admin` startup script, the alternative `bootstrap/sitecustomize.py` startup script, or the startup sequence of the Kubernetes Agents Operator.

Author: ```suggestion
    If this setting is enabled, the agent will send detailed troubleshooting messages from its startup scripts directly to your console (STDOUT). This can be helpful for debugging crashes in the `newrelic-admin` startup script, the alternative `bootstrap/sitecustomize.py` startup script, or the startup sequence of the Kubernetes Agents Operator.
```

    <Callout variant="caution">
        This environment variable setting has no corresponding config file setting, as the code related to it runs before the config file is read. For comprehensive debug logging after the agent has started, set [log level](#log_level) to `debug`.
    </Callout>
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="k8s_operator.enabled"
    title="k8s_operator.enabled"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            Boolean
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            false
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Config file, environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>
            [Environ variable](#environment-variables)
          </th>

          <td>
            `NEW_RELIC_K8S_OPERATOR_ENABLED`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    

>     This is an informational setting used to report when the agent is injected into a Kubernetes cluster. This setting does **not** enable/disable this function of the agent.

Author: ```suggestion
    This is an informational setting used to report when the agent is injected into a Kubernetes cluster.
    <Callout variant="caution">
        This setting does **not** enable/disable this function of the agent.
    </Callout>
```
